# v1.0.0 Upgrade Guide
This document will provide information on upgrading from Terra Toolkit ^0.5.0 to 1.0.0.

## New Defaults
The following defaults have been added:
* readMeContent is defaulted to process.cwd()/README.md
* appConfig:title is defaulted to the package name from package.json
* appConfig.extensions.gitHubUrl has been defautled to the repo url from package.json

Changes:
* placeholderSrc now requires a relative path to an image.
* appConfig.logo now requires a relative path to an image.

These defaults may allow you to delete your site.config file.

## generate-config script
The generate-config script has been removed and is no longer needed.

## Examples
Examples should be moved from the examples directory into a terra-dev-site directory in your src folder. Examples and test examples should be transpiled if they are to be released.

.site-pages extension must be changed to .doc. .example extensions must be changed to .test examples.

## Test Routes

The test routes now include the `terra-` namespace and should be updated accordingly. For example:
```javascript
-      browser.url('/#/raw/tests/aggregator/aggregator-standalone');
+      browser.url('/#/raw/tests/terra-aggregator/aggregator/aggregator-standalone');
```

Previous folder structure
```
-/examples
--index.site-page.jsx
--/test-examples
---MyTest.example.jsx
```

New folder structure
```
-/src
--/terra-dev-site
---/doc
----/packageName
-----index.doc.jsx
---/test
----/packageName
-----MyTest.test.jsx
```

## Source Examples
Because our examples are now transpiled, make sure to pull the example source from the source (src) directory and not the dist(lib) because the doc's source should be the non traspiled jsx.

## Jest
If you are using jest to test you will need to update your default jest config to not pull in the .test site pages.

For example:
```javascript
  "testMatch": [
    "**/jest/**/(*.)(spec|test).js?(x)"
  ],
```
